

--  AWS 

 -->>  L2 support 
 
 --  prsently working on synechron 
 
 --  IAAS -- 1.  creating instances  in GCP 
             2. managing the instances / dsks / snapshots  upon taht restoring teh virtual machines 
			 
	
  IAM  -- creating   user 

  vpc / vpc peering / route 3 configuration  

route 53  --  configurations zones 


IAAS related experience  



1.  difference between security groups and Acl   scenario 

2.SG -->> we do it on instance level  inbound and outbound rules 

3. ACL  --  we can configure it on the subnet level 


Customised IAM policies  --- >> 


   IAM structure  --
                          ----  groups  l1  --  view  --  event generated 
                                         group l2  -- 
                                               group l3 


Total Exp: 11.3 Years
Relevant Exp: 3 years in GCP
Current CTC: 14.25 LPA (FIXED)
Expected CTC: 20.5 LPA
Notice Period: IMMediate
Reason for Job change: Better prospects and career growth
Interest levels to work on Purview Permanent payroll for HSBC Client Project: yes
Passport No: N6471444
Alternate Number: 7032623640 / 9989383640
Form16(Yes/No): Yes
PANNO : BLDPP9746D
All Educational and Employment documents(Yes/No): Yes

please let me know anything else needed from my end  or you can reach me  @ +91-9989383640

Experience using Continuous Integration tools e.g. Jenkins, GitLab CI,  CodePipeline etc.
2.Experience in Continuous Deployment tools such as Ansible, Chef, Azure DevOps, AWS CloudDeploy etc.
3.Experience in Infrastructure as Code tools like Terraform, AWS CloudFormation, ARM etc.
4.Experience in scripting tools such as Shell scripting, Bash scripting, PowerShell etc
5.Experience in working with Docker containers, orchestrating using Kubernetes, manage nodes/pods/workloads, using container registry AWS EKS, Azure AKS etc.
6.Experience in MSI, Window packaging tools to package application / dlls in single deployable file (.msi)
7.Experience packaging application libraries in NPM, Maven, NuGet, creating and using feeds
8.Experience with source control management tools such as Git and SVN, working knowledge on Git workflows
9.Experience with Artefacts management tools such as Nexus, JFrog Artifactory etc.
10.Experience in developing CI/CD pipeline involving docker containers, continuously improving existing pipelines for better automation, considering different environment stages
11.Able to execute Test Automation written in Selenium, JUnit, Python or API testing tools like PostMan, SoapUI,
-This will be considered as good to have.
12.Able to build required machinery and enablers to support Product development team.
13.Experience in building monitoring tools for deployed software such as Prometheus, AWS CloudWatch, CloudTrail etc.
14.Experience in working with Kibana, Grafana for producing great dashboards & analytics with charts, graphs etc.
15.Experience using tools such as JIRA, SM9, HPQC, Confluence, OpsGenie, Jira Service Desk
16.Experience in Build tools Maven, NPM, Webpack, MS Build
17.Experience with Windows & Linux environments
Behaviour skills -
1.Strong problem solving and analytical skills.
2.Must possess a willingness and aptitude to embrace new ideas and master concepts rapidly
3.Must be a team player and have Strong attention-to-detail
4.Experience in working with Agile team with Agile mindset
5.Well versed with programming knowledge, ability to learn new technologies and sharing it with team.
6.Excellent written and communication skills
7.Independent worker with ability to take on technical solution responsibilities



 The grep command is another powerful text manipulation tool that can be used to remove blank lines from a file
 
 to remove the lines from file A that appear in file B. --- 	grep -v -f fileB.txt fileA.txt > outputFile.txt 
															--  sed -i '/$(grep -f fileB.txt fileA.txt)/d' fileA.txt
															---   join -v 1 fileA_sorted.txt fileB_sorted.txt > outputFile.txt
															
															
															
															
															
															